Note in explainer re: user activation (removal) (#230)
w3c/secure-payment-confirmation: explainer.md

  the pre-authentication details with the assertion details to ensure that they
  align.

> **Click-jacking attack**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Lack of user activation requirement**
```

> Like Web Authentication, SPC does not require a user activation (although it used to; see [issue 216](https://github.com/w3c/secure-payment-confirmation/issues/216) for details on why it was part of the specification and why it was removed). Without a user activation requirement, there is a slightly increased risk that a malicious site might attempt to click-jack the user. To mitigate this risk, user agents can implement a delay between the display of the transaction dialog and enabling the "Verify" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Web Authentication, SPC does not require a user activation (although it
used to; see [issue 216](https://github.com/w3c/secure-payment-confirmation/issues/216)
for details on why it was part of the specification and why it was removed).
Without a user activation requirement, there is a slightly increased risk that a
malicious site might attempt to spam or click-jack the user.

In order to mitigate spam, the user agent may decide to enforce a user
activation requirement after some threshold - for example, only allowing one
activationless call per page load. To mitigate click-jacking attacks, the user agent
may implement a time threshold in which clicks are ignored immediately after a
dialog is shown.

Another relevant mitigation exists; the spec requires that the document must be
visible in order to initiate Secure Payment Confirmation.
```
